SMS-Sending documentation is prepared (#8510)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/SMS-Sending.md

```

2. Add the `AbpSmsModule` to the dependency list of your module:

```csharp
[DependsOn(
    //...other dependencies
    typeof(AbpSmsModule) //Add the new module dependency
    )]
public class YourModule : AbpModule
{
}
```

## Sending SMS

[Inject](Dependency-Injection.md) the `ISmsSender` into any service and use the `SendAsync` method to send a SMS.

**Example**

```csharp
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Volo.Abp.DependencyInjection;
using Volo.Abp.Sms;

namespace MyProject
{
    public class MyService : ITransientDependency
    {
        private readonly ISmsSender _smsSender;

        public MyService(ISmsSender smsSender)
        {
            _smsSender = smsSender;
        }

        public async Task DoItAsync()
        {
            await _smsSender.SendAsync(
                "+012345678901",        // target phone number
                "This is test sms..."   // SMS text
            );
        }
    }
}
```

The given `SendAsync` method in the example is an extension method to send sms with primitive paremeters, it basicly creates `SmsMessage` object and pass it. You can also use the default `SendAsync` method which requires `SmsMessage` object.

> > `IEmailSender` is the suggested way to send emails, since it makes your code provider independent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `ISmsSender` is the suggested way to send SMS, since it makes your code provider independent.
```
